improve README.md (#148)
jhipster/generator-jhipster-native: README.md

npm run native-e2e
```

## Native binary runtime errors

GraalVM uses metadata to generate AOT compilation.

A metadata is designed to support an specific version. Missing library range will be added as best bet and will fall back to latest version.

> Metadata errors are only catch in runtime. It’s recommended to have cypress e2e tests enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata errors are only caught at runtime. It’s recommended to have Cypress e2e tests enabled to help identify issues during continuous integration.
```
